MISS NAGATORO
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
DON'T TOY WITH ME, MISS NAGATORO
What Do You Think, Senpai?
I'm still the president of the art club.
If you insist on going against me...
I'll have you put together your
own exhibit separate of the club.
She really did sound scripted.
Right?
Everything she said sounded so fake.
The club room is not a place for merrymaking!
Is not!
Don't talk down about the president too much.
Check it out!
Paisen's defending the president!
So she is his previous girl.
Your ex?!
No!
You have to admit that we were the ones...
who were in the wrong.
Did you hear that? He said "we."
He's lumping us in with him.
Together!
Ew.
Gross.
This is getting fun, though, with your
battle with the the president and all that.
You only say that because
it's not your problem.
So, what do you think your odds are?
Zero.
There isn't the slightest chance
I'm going to beat the president.
You're as negative as ever.
Although, if you don't want to go up against
her alone, I wouldn't' mind helping.
She's right.
I hate to say it, but it's an
art club exhibit, isn't it?
You could always just do a kitty
cat cosplay art café or something.
Meow!
I'm sure you'll win.
Right?
You're underestimating the president.
Kazehaya High School
Ranking
1. Dance Club
2. Class 3-A Haunted House
3. Drama Club Performance
4. Light Music Club
5. Film Club Screening
6. Art Club Exhibit
7. Gaming Club
The Art Club came in sixth in the
Kazehaya High School ranking last year.
Sixth?
Is that good?
It's really good!
Really good!
Corn Dogs
Yakisoba Bread
Drama Club
Musical
Location: Gymnasium
Doors open: 2 pm
Begins: 2:15
Haunted House
Bubble Milk Tea
West Side
There's always 50 or 60 presentations by
classes and clubs and talented groups.
How did the karate club's
cosplay café do last year?
I think we ranked around 11th.
They did better than you!
Cosplaying lost!
That's not it.
The president's been winning
all kinds of competitions.
Winner
She was one of the top contenders in a
competition that included college students.
She's just really amazing.
I see.
He sounds like a cultist.
President cultist.
Presidentist!
I get that the president's amazing,
but at the end of the day,
they're just drawings, aren't they?
How could it be so popular?
W-Well...
You could say I had a bit of a different
take than what the president was expecting.
Found it.
Found what?
The painting the president did last year.
This is the president?
Y-Yeah.
Muh...
Muh?
The president is standing
next to her own piece, right?
Well, damn, no wonder it was popular.
Sixth place for sure.
She's going to kill some virgins.
So you've been keeping this
nasty drawing, huh, Senpai?
N-No!
This is nothing but a piece of art!
I-It's not nasty!
Stare...
It won an award in a famous exhibition, even.
Th-That's why the school
allowed it. Because it's art.
I don't care about that.
What do you think of it, Senpai?
I just think it's amazing.
Amazingly hot?
No!
A solid foundation of life drawing skills!
A masterful command of the oil medium!
A perfect sense of composition!
And a selfless commitment to art!
It's amazing for all those reasons!
Are you sure?
He's hilariously desperate.
You're way too sus.
Super sus!
You're just going to have to draw something
amazing to compete with her, Paisen.
Sure.
I wouldn't mind modeling for you.
If you really insist,
I wouldn't mind wearing my swimsuit.
No way!
I don't stand a chance!
Yeah, right.
You really want to draw
something pervy, don't you?
Th-That's not the point.
What, then?
I'm just not confident that I can
draw anything that can compete
with quality of the president's work.
That's all.
He's right. He can't.
She's way ahead.
She's got more to work with.
Excuse me?
Don't get so upset.
I'm just talking in terms of what sells.
I'm not dissing you, Hayacchi.
You are dissing me.
No, I mean, there's definitely
a market for slender girls.
But you're modeling for
a piece for the masses.
And especially if there's going
to be a popularity ranking...
Shaky, shaky!
Power is might!
You just don't have enough power, you know?
Shaky, shaky!
Just look at the president's figure.
Her boobs.
Her ass.
And her slim waist.
She's got insane curves.
You need power to win a battle.
Justice!
Being a little cute is no match
for overwhelming power.
But a speck in the dust.
How insignificant you are.
Just scum.
Just trash.
Th-That's uncalled for!
I don't think less of Nagatoro
than I do the president.
The president has her charms,
and Nagatoro has hers.
Well? Well?
Did you hear that?
That's coming from an actual virgin!
Apologize!
Sure, sure, sorry.
Sorry.
Jeez, you could just be more honest.
I just meant that as someone
who knows about art.
Still, though, you don't have enough power.
Like, you don't have impact.
Maybe a nude, I guess.
Th-That won't do!
Cosplay, then?
I don't have any costumes.
What do you think?
Costumes galore!
Damn.
Where did you get all this?
I borrowed it from the needlecraft club.
I-I bet you like this one.
Like what?
Clothes you can't see if you're a virgin.
I can't draw that!
Well, good luck.
If you don't beat the president,
the club's shutting down.
I have to beat the president,
or the club's shutting down.
But how do I beat her?
This is going to be brutal.
Hey, officer!
There's a suspicious creeper over here!
Wait! Stop it!
He's defiling a high school
girl with his eyes!
Are you sure that's going to cut it, though?
Can you really compete with the aggression
of her sexy art with that plain drawing?
But I think the everyday is fine.
Don't worry.
I'll make sure you win, Senpai.
What do you think?
Yeah.
You aren't making any progress.
Sorry.
I couldn't figure out the composition.
It's okay.
Let's move on.
Are you done drawing?
Yeah, kinda.
You took plenty of time.
I mean, cosplay is...
All right.
If nothing else works...
How's this?
Y-Yeah...
You're still being iffy.
How much do I have to undress?
'Sup?
Oh, man.
Sexy.
Wow!
You might actually beat
the president with this.
The angel's cleavage!
Hey!
What a huge rack!
An eye for an eye, lewds for lewds!
Stop it! Jeez!
Sorry.
I really think she can just be her usual self.
Huh? What are you talking about?
Look at how much effort
Hayacchi's putting in for you.
You're just asking for misfortune.
Sorry, I'm done with that kind of thing.
What are you doing, then?
Well...
You're going to lose, you know?
If you don't care to take
the art club seriously...
Club Termination Form
I ought to shut down the club.
Sorry, but I'm going to
draw on my own this time.
If I get Nagatoro involved in a
competition and lose horribly,
it's going to humiliate Nagatoro, too.
I'm not bothered by that.
No.
This is between me and the president.
Fine.
It's president this, president that...
Why don't you just have
the president model, then?
Uh-oh.
She left dressed like that.
She'll find somewhere to get changed.
Okay, let's go, guys.
Senpai, you loser.
Loser!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
You Could Be More Honest, Senpai♥
Art Room #1
(Second and first-years enter through other door)
What's this?
She's splitting up our
working area, too, huh?
The president sure is quick to act.
I don't want to lose the club.
I gotta do what I can.
Time to give it a shot.
That's a dull piece you're working on.
P-President!
And why are you dressed like that?!
I was taking pictures for my new piece.
Is it no good?
Yeah, it's no good.
When you're presenting to a large audience,
it's not the practice, but the piece.
What is the most important thing for a piece?
Um...
A theme, I guess?
No.
Love.
Love?!
That's a big one.
The only passion you have in this piece
is to make it look nice and tidy.
Hey...
How are you doing—
No, the president's not modeling!
She's just here to check on me!
After her!
Art is thus to pursue!
Don't lose her!
The president's talking
way over my head, but...
Nagatoro...
Nagatoro!
What do you want?
I chased her down,
but what am I supposed to say?
No, what am I even trying to do?
Hey, it's Hayacchi.
Hey.
'Sup?
Oh, are you two busy?
Is he hitting on you?
No.
He's a creepy stalker.
N-No!
Bleah!
Should we tell a teacher?
Y-Yeah...
Damn her!
I'm a first-year.
Are you a second-year?
Y-Yeah.
You're my senpai, then.
Call me Nagatoro from now on.
Let's get to know each other, Senpai.
G-Get off me.
Nope.
You're my prey now, Senpai.
Y-You're not going to get anything
good out of connecting with me.
I don't think that's true.
If there's somewhere you
want to go with someone,
you could always try asking them.
What's this? What is this?
See you, Senpai.
Nagatoro.
Hey.
I still think...
Nagatoro! Please!
I want you to model for me.
Have the president do it.
N-No, I want to draw...
Just go make some nasty art of the president!
I want to draw you!
Just the way you always are!
Why me?
And what do you mean,
"the way you always are"?
Because the way you always are...
is what's the most attractive to me.
Seriously, Senpai...
You're a creep!
You creep!
How's it going?
Is it going to turn out good?
Yeah, pretty good.
Really?
I don't really get it, though.
What's so great about my usual self?
I still recommend some flashy cosplay.
That's good, too, but so are things
you notice in ordinary times.
Like what?
Like how cute you are.
What?
What did you say just now?
N-No, I...
C? C?
Cu?
N-N-Nothing!
Nothing!
Cu?
I see.
I understand your position.
Either way, we'll make a decision
on the day of the event.
Points of improvement for today.
The next one's the last one, Senpai.
I'll finally be free.
Are you happy?
Are you happy that you'll be free from me?
No...
I think I'm sad.
Senpai, you're a creep.